New feature/demo connector csv endpoint (#3)
dfe-analytical-services/eesyapi.powerbi: README.md

# eesyapi.powerbi
Custom connectors for connecting to the Explore Education Statistics service from PowerBI

# Contributing

These connectors are being developed in VS Code with the Power Query SDK extension installed.

> If making changes to any power query script, it's worth running **POWER QUERY SDK > Evaluate current file** under the file explorer pain in VS Code. This compiles the relevant *MEZ* binary files for debugging.

Reviewer: Pain? Did you mean pane? Or was it that painful?

Author: Fixed!

> If making changes to any power query script, it's worth running **POWER QUERY SDK > Evaluate current file** under the file explorer pain in VS Code. This compiles the relevant *MEZ* binary files for debugging.

Reviewer: I'd probably describe it as the POWER QUERY SDK panel within the file explorer pane in VS Code? It's pretty well hidden when you're first looking for it

Author: Done

> *Note: I've not figured out how to get the authentication working in VS Code yet, so the debugging doesn't actually work right now.*

Reviewer: Would put contributing at the bottom so the first thing anyone sees after the description is how to use it?

Author: Done

> *Note: I've not figured out how to get the authentication working in VS Code yet, so the debugging doesn't actually work right now.*

Reviewer: I'm assuming this is what you get too and what you mean by not working? 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88876472-f957-4820-947f-637cab88c71a)

Reviewer: Above was for the .query.pq file, I get a different error if evaluating the other file that doesn't have .query.pq in, is that expected?

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d5ae5532-24a0-47ba-a91f-39d9a5a10949)

Author: I've resolved the first one now by switching to anonymous login. Second one I think is just us getting the compilation process slightly wrong in some way - either needing to clear the previous compilation first or starting the compile from the wrong file. Hoping that one will get clearer as we're using the PQ SDK more.

Reviewer: Not sure you have fixed that first one, I still get the same error as before? (though also, I'm not sure how critical this is right now either as I don't know what I should be seeing instead)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/773a1b55-7b22-40e5-accb-572cf07c98fc)

Author: When it works, you'll see the data in a table, which is what I'm getting now. Probably just something from the previous run stored somewhere. Have you tried clicking clear all credentials and then re-evaluating the query?

Reviewer: Ah, it was the opposite, I had to set credentials and then set as anonymous, then it worked - we're cooking now! 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a92a48b6-af51-4940-8089-6c0b7c794095)

# Using EES connectors

## Demo EES CSV endpoint connector

We provide a demo connector to one of the EES API data sets, which downloads the entire data set (16 rows). 

To use this connector in Power BI:

> 1. Copy the demo connector power query, **eesyapiDemoConnector.pq**, from this repository to your PowerBI custom connectors folder, **Documents/Power BI Desktop/Custom connectors/**.

Reviewer: Could we make it clearer:
- Is the folder pre-existing (i.e. should you be finding it or making it), I couldn't find this in my documents folder and then after making it in what I think is the right place seemed to work
- Which documents folder (if important) - I immediately went to my local user documents, though we also have a onedrive documents folder and only the second worked for me, I imagine this might vary for non-dfe laptops too?

Author: I've created a specific section for initial set up of custom connectors. I'd forgotten having to change the extension permissions so have added that in as well.

# eesyapi.powerbi
Custom connectors for connecting to the Explore Education Statistics service from PowerBI

# Using EES connectors

## Enabling custom connectors in Power BI

> 🚧 Warning
>
> If you've never used custom connectors in Power BI Desktop before, then you'll need to follow these steps before any of the instructions that follow below.

> - Create the folder **Custom connectors/** in **Documents/Power BI Desktop/** (which itself should exist already, but depending on the system you're on and how it's set up, may be within your OneDrive area).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create the folder **Custom connectors/** in **Documents/Power BI Desktop/** (which itself may exist already, but depending on the system you're on and how it's set up, it may be within your OneDrive area or you might need to make your own).
```
